docs: add gitleaks docu (#997)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/contributor/04-30-ci-cd.md

| [`PR Integration / Kubernetes version compatibility test`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/pull-integration.yaml#L51) | Executes the main integration test suite for the API Gateway module and checks for any incompatibilities with the latest Kubernetes version.                 |
| [`PR Integration / Upgrade tests (pull_request)`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/pull-integration.yaml#L65)          | Executes the upgrade integration test suite for the API Gateway module and verifies if the existing release can be successfully upgraded to the new version. |
| [`Pull Request / Golang lint check (pull_request)`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L26)            | Performs linting.                                                                                                                                            |

> | [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L23)                                        | Runs UI tests for Busola extenstions of API Gateway module and API Rules                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`UI Tests / Run UI tests`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/ui-tests.yaml#L23)                                        | Runs UI tests for Busola extensions of the API Gateway module and APIRules.                                                                                    |
```

| [`Pull Request / Run unit tests (pull_request)`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/3d10f7c7801f514524a267239924fdc889f2be3f/.github/workflows/pull-request.yaml#L44)               | Runs unit tests with code coverage information.                                                                                                              |
| [`pre-api-gateway-presubmit-scanner`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/6fa2829ff262d300663335f80f67050d21b1ae5f/prow/jobs/kyma-project/test-infra/presubmit-scanner.yaml#L325)     | Runs the Gitleaks presubmit scanner to detect any sensitive data that might have been committed.                                                             |
| [`Workflow validation / Ensure SHA pinned actions`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/main/.github/workflows/verify-commit-pins.yaml)                                              | Verifies that all external actions are pinned to a commit.                                                                                                   |

> | [`pull-gitleaks / scan`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/main/.github/workflows/pull-gitleaks.yaml#L10)                                                                          | Runs gitleaks scan to detect any secrets leaks.                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`pull-gitleaks / scan`](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/main/.github/workflows/pull-gitleaks.yaml#L10)                                                                          | Runs the Gitleaks scan to detect any leaks of secrets.                                                                                                             |
```
